# CS-230-Operating-Platforms

The Gaming Room set its requirements for developing a game called Draw It or Lose It, which involved players competing on teams to guess which picture was being drawn. One of the most important parts of documenting the exact type of platform we'd be using to design all levels of the software was choosing between already completed industry standards for software development.
The design document contains specifications for precisely what type of development environment will exist at every level of the final release. This document seeks to answer all high-level questions any developer or stakeholder in this project.
The most oft-revised software is the client and server operating system recommendations. These are industry standard development options that are always subject to change as companies such as Apple and Microsoft continue to release newer versions of their software, with potentially changing compatibilities and requirements.
The user's needs are the most important part of developing any software. Of course, computing efficiency and under-the-hood optimizations need to be accounted for, but maximizing user experience is paramount to success of the project at release. The user's needs are best interpreted by asking series of questions to nail to precisely what is expected, required, and desired.
It's important to design software incrementally, doing research at every step along the way. Development is always a learning process, and it's expected that any developer's comfortability with programming increases and their toolkit expands over the course of any project.
